shark is a house specialized in
production of helmets worldwide
one of the leaders is a French home e
many of you will already know it because
shark helmets are worn by
some pilots products at the level
world
and their racing helmets are
absolutely at the top of the range in the
production
but the real novelty of eicma 2012 is that
sharks and thrown headlong too
in the production of jet helmets with
visor then the shark as you said
is rightly passed is passing by
racing parts to the part plus one meter per
this we have developed this new
in the event that a single dwarf cap was there
rowe version is a very version
aggressive of a jet helmet
primarily for a purpose
scooter roster or colonization of a
certain of a certain power to a place
with a mask they are all and two and
removable it has the possibility clearly
to be remembered even in position
open is aimed at an audience
clearly much more aggressive and much more
more trendy
we have also developed on the same
a city helmet with a helmet
long and very protective visor a
sun visor clearly operable from
from inside and a helmet this one more
narrow more citizen and I must say that i
especially young people will go crazy for
we hope for a great deal about this
on this market clearly for us is
a market that we opened with buoys
line we opened with g
we hope to continue and increase the
our penetration on this range of
market probably thanks